Sven Bergmann ready in the name of Allah all Thomas Mann cordially
Percent a question the software orders
is the question of pop before Soeder or it is asked
because the woman started up against Islam you have to enter first
bars
May be regulated
Cham Islam so far is the EP pressure
all are worldly things are allowed it is an explicit proof of
Gorbachev hands over
that this particular thing is forbidden
So allergens in Belgium semesters drink food
buy and so on
are allowed until you hear a proof video from the Koran the word of God
always
be that what the Prophet
Mohammed Ali Saleh says Brussels has to find the faces
that special thing this
special thing
forbidden is
because that's something
we have to look in the Koran now or is Schumacher
if there is any evidence
the
Driving a car is prohibited for women
there is another one that is
for men and women maybe
that means every ban for men
At the same time openly applies to women and it was also the other way round unless
there is an explicit proof
the
is not like that
that heats up again
all prohibitions and commandments
for men and women are huge
unless you have explicit proof
that one different a different fraction
for the market or for women according to things
For example, it is forbidden for men to wear clothes
a ban but there is extreme depth proves that
Seidel Women 1
Dodge, for example, is prohibited for men
Golzow wear that textually the evidence pulls the gold for women
is allowed in vain and discrimination you may have
and knows what the other one has, too, for example, there are permits for
the woman's prayer
the prayer
not to think
or interrupt the fast in Ramadan
in special situation dense example
if she has Utah this permission or even ban
It is forbidden for the woman to pass
if she had her period almost
yes, since the man no period old chancellor plot for the banned be
during the period to grasp because the rooster could that the sheet
that is, if we want to watch now
is also driving bans
for the woman
then we would have to see first that is apparently
no ban applies to the men because
Nowhere is a spray known to forbid driving for men
that means we must now have explicit proof
explicitly not implicit
explicitly means
not the interpretation needed played again
a cool down
as on title course
For example, implicit would be if the guest is not in the store
and it is just a bit darker place except that that does not believe Dr 18
but that's going to be Ex today, the other implicitly that is
open to interpretation
and the answer is simple
there are
in the Koran
to change that
no explicit proof of this
that driving a car
for the woman photo
someone will say it
yes okay the bombast of that in Saudi Arabia
Car driver the woman on robo
she is this process what are it flowing
a tradition
so to speak
and some scholars have seen it as positive
use for society
if the woman does not have an outfit for various reasons
for me are incomprehensible if I'm completely honest
I do not understand
and percent
you just have to say that is the standard for Islam
is not Afghanistan is not OK Ali
is not clean Rabbids the sports group is going to criticism game
is not the act of vouching a Muslim country is the Koran
this too
if the Qur'an and Sunnah do not explicitly prove fit
that the woman is not allowed to drive a car
then we can not say that it is forbidden dpa
and when a scholar makes a mistake
he has a mistake
if he struggled, he will even be rewarded before God for
his efforts
but
we drove the host wa al
b
whatever you have to hurt is
that give up peace at the time of the Prophet peace
the women on the former means of transportation
that they were the women at that time at the time of the whole of Allah
Mohammed peace longing pick up
the former locomotion must
Medium boss
then percent
Aki Valente her to the car that
the percent photo the game was the camel that yes on this can also be on the
Islands are on horseback
from this perspective more one can say quite clearly
that this has nothing to do with Islam
or that it is at least one thing that is very questionable
and those of us
is considered to be wrong and many other Islamic ones are quite clear
say
there are
no reason for a woman to drive the car
to disallow
awesome make a bay 2 2
but we have the jury on all counts